"""
  ADT: Employee 
Write a class named Employee for which each object can hold information about a particular employee: 
1. The class should have following four private data members:
  
1. A string named name that holds the employee’s name. 
2. An integer named id that holds the employee’s ID number. 
3. A string named department that holds the name of the department where the employee works. 
4. A string named position that holds the employee’s job title. """
  
                Here is the code |
                                 v

  class Employee:
      def __init__(self, name='', id='', department='', position=''):
        self.name = name
        self.id = id
        self.department = department
        self.position = position

  
"""
  2. Provide the implementation of following constructors and a destructor:

  1. A constructor that accepts employee’s name, employee’s ID number, department, and position as arguments and 
assigns them to the appropriate member variables. 
2. A constructor that accepts employee’s name and ID number as arguments and assigns them to the appropriate member 
variables. The department and position fields should be assigned an empty string (""). 
3. A default constructor that assigns empty string ("") to the name, department, and position member variables, and 0
to the id member variable. 
4. A copy constructor to initialize an employee’s object with already existing object. 
5. A destructor that do nothing except displaying a simple message “Destructor executed…” on the screen. """
  
"""  
3.Provide the implementation of properties methods (get/set) for all the data members (name, id, department and position) of 
the class. """


  
  
"""  
4. Provide the implementation of following member functions 


1. setInfo method accepts employee’s name, employee’s ID number, department, and position as arguments and assigns 
them to the appropriate member variables. 
2. getInfo method to initialize the data of an employee taken from the user. 
3. putInfo method to display the information of a particular employee. 
5. Once you have written the class, write main function and test its functionality a
  """
   def setinfo(self):
          global lst
          self.name = input("Enter Name: ").strip().title()
          self.id = input("Enter ID: ").strip()
          self.department = input("Ener Department: ").strip().title()
          self.position = input("Enter Position: ").strip().title()
          lst.append({'name': self.name, 'id': self.id, 'department': self.department, 'position': self.position})
  
    def putinfo(self):
          global lst
          print(lst)


  
                
def main():
    
    Emp = Employee()
    Emp.setinfo()
    Emp.putinfo()
